



PROBLEM: Rock scissors paper is currently in text. IN order to make the game play more engaging, 
we need a user interface.  For nostaligic appeal. we will borrow heavily from the 80's arcade hit, Double Dragon. 

The user should be able to play the game by clicking on buttons. 

Game Play

DO print "Sept 24 2041, NYC....
        print "Willy and the dark warriros have once again captured Marian"
        print "This time, however, he's willing to fight you  man to man in a game of rock, scissors, paper...
        print "The stakes are high. Every second that goes by puts Marian's life at risk...
        print "Prepare to fight!" 
        
        
DO print "Choose your weapon and press the strike button when you're ready"

WHILE still playing 
        DO get user input 
        DO generate random computer hand
        COMPUTE winner 
        DO print message to screen ["Solid blow. Keep fighting", "He's hurt, don't stop", "Think about what's at stake, Billy". "Marian needs you, now isnt' the time to quit", "You're hurt, stay strong.", "Finish him! Don't let up!"]
        DO adjust player energy levels
        IF energy level reaches of either player reaches zero,
                IF user dies
                        print "Marian needs you, now isn't the time to quit"
                        print "play again?" 
                ELSE
                        print "With a crushing fatal blow, you make short work of Willy...
                        print "Just hours later, you discover Marian's location. ..
                        print "She's shaken but unharmed"
                        Print "well done, Billy"
                PRINT play again or quit
                        IF play again restart
                                ELSE quit 
                        ENDIF
ENDWHILE 





____DONE_____

TODO--3. display life point bar that removes life bar for each round lost. 
todo--3a. Game ends once player loses last energy bar unit 
TODO--5. display introduction story line to screen 
TODO--6. create loop so player can restart game after losing or winning 
TODO--7. Add different background for victory and defeat--ELIMINATED
TODO--7. Add countdown timer 

TODO--8. Add music for intro, gameplay, win and defeat. 
a. add intro music 
b. Change music once action starts 

TODO--8.a. Add title screen 
8b. Drop in real double dragon tracks. 

TODO--1. play a single round with 4 functioning buttons: rock, scissors, paper, and strike. Output results to console. Use background image . [don't forget to commit early and often] DONE 
        

TODO--2. add hand animation to screen for player and computer. outputs winner to console.


__CURRENT____

TODO (bug)--fix credit text position 

TODO 12--Change color of other player skin to lighter shade 

------
possible--TODO 14 --Add movement of arms on rock scissors paper


*TODO--15. Responsive mobile version. Test on phone . 










